(Yuya) Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
You're the snake who took Rin.
I want her back now!
Where you going,
you coward?!
We have her, Director Roget.
(Roget)
Good. Now bring her here.
You lost or somethin', kid?
Let's duel.
I Xyz Summon...
Triple‐C Rock Armor Of Battle!
Crush Security and his
Catapult!
Uhh!
(Celina)
Thank you, Riley,
for saving me.
Huh?
Moon Shadow.
(Roget)
Do you have Celina?
Yes, we have Celina,
and and she is safe with us now.
(groans)
How could this be?
If you really wanted
to arrest me,
you should have
sent more men.
(growls)
I'll never allow you
to have Celina or Zuzu.
Have you fixed Sergey's cerebral
restrictor yet?
Yes, sir. He should
obey you all the time now.
Send him to the
Council Building
and tell him to
bring me Declan.
(man)
All security teams
in position, sir.
(Roget)
Good. Stand by and wait
for my orders.
(thinking)
Declan, you think you've got
everything under control.
Well, it's time I knock you off
of your high horse.
Here's the first match up of the
Friendship Cup semifinals:
Crow Hogan versus
Yuya Sakaki!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(crowd chanting)
Yuya! Yuya! Yuya! Yuya!
Yuya! Yuya!
Go Crow! Go Crow! Go Crow!
Go Crow!
(cheering)
(thinking)
Those helmet heads have Yuya
locked up somewhere in there.
It's time for the first
tussle of the semifinals.
And it's gonna be Crow
having a go at Yuya!
(thinking)
Yuya's dueling?
But I thought he'd be handcuffed
and behind bars?
Something's up.
Checkmate is at hand.
I'd be more assured
about this duel
if I was able to implant Yuya's
cerebral restrictor,
but Declan's interference
forced me to advance my time
schedule.
Still, I have other ways to
keep Yuya under my control.
And he doesn't even
realize it.
The fools in this city
can never tear their eyes away
from the Friendship Cup,
so Yuya and Crow's duel will
provide the perfect distraction.
While everyone is preoccupied,
my Security forces will teach
Declan and the High Council
the toughest of lessons.
Yuya must keep dueling for this
plan to work.
So I'm leaving nothing
to chance.
(thinking)
Roget tried to threaten me,
flatter me, dupe me, scare me,
and every other dirty trick in
the dictionary
to get me to play along.
Too bad for him I've got
other ideas.
It's time to swing
into action.
Yuya, make this the most
spectacular duel
New Domino has ever seen.
And after it's all over,
the people of this city
will discover
that they have a new
and rightful ruler.
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Yuya Sakaki and Crow Hogan
have just saddled up
for what promises to be our
most dynamite duel yet,
'ya hear?
Hey, Yuya.
I'm sorry.
Huh?
I was convinced you
and the other Lancers
had teamed up with
the Topsiders.
But I was wrong
My duel against Shay
helped me see
that the Commons and the Lancers
are really fighting
for the same cause, maybe just
in different dimensions.
Whatever happens
on the track today,
I want you to know you can
count on me as a friend.
And I know now that
I can count on you, too.
Definitely.
Ah, but let's leave this mushy
stuff out of our match.
This is a duel
I need to win.
For all the kids
in the city.
You hear me, Yuya?
And you better not
hold back either.
Hmm.
Crow, hear me out.
I originally wanted
to battle you
to show people what
dueling is truly about.
How it can entertain and turn
strangers into friends.
But we've got
bigger problems tonight
And all the trouble
starts with Roget.
Him again?
What's up?
(Yuya)
Last I heard,
Roget and Sector Security
have the High Council on
lockdown.
They even captured Declan
and Riley!
What? Why would
they do that?
Roget wants to take over
New Domino City.
(growls)
If that creep becomes ruler,
the Commons will have
even less freedom!
Somebody has to find a way
to stop him!
There's still a chance
to shut him down,
but it's not gonna be easy.
I can't do it alone.
I need your help.
Huh. Anything to stick it
to Roget.
A dead end.
That snake gave me
the slip.
But he can't dodge me forever.
Once we reach
the underground,
you will be safe.
The sun has set,
and our duelists are itchin'
to burn the asphalt!
It may take heaps of electricity
to light up the race course,
but there's even more sparks
a‐flyin' in the stadium
as our duelists prepare
to clash!
(thinking)
I promised Zuzu
I'd rescue Yuya,
and that's exactly what
I'm going to do!
(blades whirring)
Uhh!
(thinking)
I just need to get into
the perfect position
to help him out.
Uhh!
It's turbo time!
And time to fire up the Action
Field Crossover Acceleration!
(computer voice)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot activated.
(horn honks)
(Melisa, on P. A.)
On your marks.
Get set.
Go!
(crowd cheering)
Let's duel!
(Melissa)
Our card slingers are bolting
down the track
like a pair of rampagin'
rhinos!
First out of the Palace Gates
get's to go first.
Who's gonna take the first
step towards victory?
♪
(Melissa, on P. A.)
And first up is Crow!
All right!
Here I go!
And here comes...
Blackwing, Bora the Spear!
That ought to
do it for now.
It's your move, Yuya.
(thinking)
If Roget moved this duel up
from tomorrow to tonight,
he definitely did it
for a reason.
And that reason
can't be any good.
But Yuya and I have a plan to
through a wrench in the works.
(thinking)
In order for Roget to
take over the city,
he has to keep the High Council
locked up in their chambers.
But if I can free the Council,
Roget loses all his leverage
and his scheme is foiled.
(Crow, thinking)
This highway leads straight to
the Council at the Hall
of Dominion.
So as long as we keep dueling,
Roget will have no idea what
we're up to!
Hey, Yuya, we can still
entertain the crowd
'till we get there.
Sounds good to me.
Yeah. Now do your thing
and give this crowd
a wake‐up call.
Hm!
Greetings, one and all!
On with the show!
I hope you folks are ready to
have some fun tonight,
because I've reached deep into
my deck to prepare
a debonair, dueltaining display
just for you!
I draw!
To start, I'll conjure up a
beat to get us in the groove!
Hippo Carnival will bring out
my prancing pachyderms.
Wait, better yet,
let me super‐size it!
Super Hippo Carnival.
Here's the herbivore
that gives you more.
Performapal Hip Hippo!
This hippo's no solo act.
Check out his dance troupe.
Taking the stage is
ten tons of fun!
Folks, give 'em
a warm welcome!
Ba ba!
They're primed and loose...
to shake that caboose!
(all)
Ba ba! Ba ba!
Ba!
Better in rehearsal.
But you didn't expect
a herd of hippos
to have so much pep
in their step!
And all you kids watching
at home,
get off the couch, join in
and boogie on down!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
I'm not exactly sure
what Yuya
is tryin' to lasso
with this strategy,
but the crowd's soaking it up
like a sponge in a water tank!
They've all gone hippo‐happy!
I won't let Yuya's dancers
hog the spotlight!
I activate the trap
Blackwing Festival!
Yuya has plenty of
talent on his team,
but this trap lets me summon
some real songbirds!
Swoop in, my talented trio
of Blackwing Tokens!
Strike up the music,
my feathered friends!
(horns playing)
(singing)
(Melissa)
Wait a doggone minute!
You're supposed to be
duelin', not
harmonizin'!
That's enough of your
buffoolery!
You two are making a mockery of
the Friendship Cup,
and I won't have it!
This here's a serious
tournament,
and I expect you gents to act
accordingly!
Oh, we are serious.
As you're about
to find out!
Yuya, get ready to
make your move!
(thinking)
We're closing in on
the Hall of Dominion.
(thinking)
There it is,
right ahead of us.
We can't stop our Duel Runners
because they're driving on
autopilot,
but nothing can stop a duelist
from jumping off!
This is it!
It's now or never!
Go save the Council
to save our future!
I thought they might try
something like this.
That is why I already took
precautionary measures.
Aah!
♪
Uhh! Uhh!
That pain came out of nowhere.
Actually, it came from
inside your helmet.
I took the liberty of installing
a special chip there
that can give your brain
a jolt of positrons
whenever I deem it necessary.
So if you even have an inkling
of doing something
that I find disagreeable,
a slight tap on my console
will keep you in line.
Originally, I had planned
to implant
a cerebral restrictor
inside your brain.
But this improvisation suits me
just as well, yes.
Let's see how you respond when
I increase the charge.
It should get rid of
all the silly desires
to leap off your Duel Runner
and rescue the High Council.
Aah!
Uhh!
Hey! Yuya!
Jump off before
it's too late!
You missed your chance!
I thought you were
gonna stop Roget!
Why'd you back off?
Unless this was all...
a lie.
(groaning)
(sinister laugh)
And that was only
at 50% power.
I wonder what will happen
at maximum strength.
Now, our research theorizes
that your higher consciousness
will stop functioning,
and you'll revert to
your primal self.
Let's put that theory
to the test.
Aah!
Uhh!
That was weird.
Huh?
Since when did my card
become a flashlight?
Huh?
This cannot be good.
I know Moon Shadow warned us
to lay low for a while,
but this is a lot lower
than I was counting on.
It could be a lot worse.
The morning shift had to sort
through and separate
the moldy socks from
all of the sweaty socks
and then scrub them
with a used toothbrush.
We just have to bear it
until Sora finds Yuya.
Then we can leave this dump.
Right, Zuzu?
Your bracelet,
it's cool.
How do you make it
flash like that?
I'm not doing it.
This only happens when
something's up with Yuya.
(groaning)
Aah!
(groans)
Yuya, you tried
to trick me!
Well, this card isn't a trick!
The spell catastrophe draw!
It lets me get rid of my five
useless hippos!
(laughing)
Then I'm allowed to draw
two cards from my deck!
Hyah!
Next, I'll use my
Scale 3 Xiangke Magician
and my scale 8
Xiangsheng Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 4 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
(all)
My monsters are ready!
So ready...
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Xiangsheng activates her
ability!
She changes
one monster's level
to become the same as another
monster's level.
I'm changing the level of your
Bora the Spear to Level 7,
the same as my Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Wait! Why are you
doing that?
Just watch!
Get set, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Take out Blackwing,
Bora the Spear!
(all)
Attack!
(roaring)
Seriously?
Our friendship is over!
Show no mercy!
Do not even dare leave
a single feather unsinged!
(roaring)
Spiral Flame Strike!
(Yuya)
Show no mercy!
Spiral Flame Strike!
And that's not all!
Odd‐Eyes' special ability
now activates!
Whenever it battles a monster
that's Level 5 or higher,
the damage you take
is doubled!
Aah!
That was one whopper
of an attack!
Yuya threw me for a loop
when he raised the level of
Crow's monster,
but now I can see
it was a savvy move!
(on P. A.)It allowed his Odd‐Eyes
to deal an extra helping of
damage!
You know what, cowpokes?
Yuya was actuallyfightin'
this duel
with the gravity it
deservesfrom the start!
Looks like I was bellyaching
for no reason.
Sorry, buckaroo.
I end my turn.
Now you're up.
(laughing)
This is outstanding.
(Roget)
Yuya is solely focused on
defeating his opponent.
He's completely forgotten
about the High Council or his
friends.
I really believed
we were working together.
I thought that you
wanted to stop Roget.
But you know what?
You're even worse than him.
You betrayed me!
And you made me
even more determined
than ever to crush you.
That's why I'm summoning
Blackwing Calima the Haze
to fire up my comeback!
(roaring)
Now that I have
a Blackwing on my field,
I can whip up another monster,
namely, Blackwing,
Gust the Backblast!
(screeches)
Gust the Blackbast will tune
Calima the Haze
to form a new Blackwing!
(whirring)
You shouldn't have tried to
double‐cross me, Yuya!
I Synchro Summon!
Spread your wings,
Assault Blackwing,
Raikiri the Rain Shower!
Rain down the pain, Raikira!
For each Blackwing
on my field,
I can destroy one of
Yuya's cards
and make him pay big time
for his treachery!
(growls)
Since you're out of monsters,
I can strike you directly!
Uhh!
Aah!
Now they both mean business!
(on P. A.)Crow went at Yuya
like a wildcat!
Looks like we've got
ourselvesa real
card‐thumper!
You messed with
the wrong duelist!
Now you'll have to deal
with the consequences!
(grunting)
Do you think
Yuya's in trouble?
I hope not.
(helicopter blades whirring)
(thinking)
Yuya's acting kinda weird.
My turn!
(all)
I draw!
Huh?
I Xyz Summon!
What's up?
Yuya's dueling angry
like Yuto did.
This isn't like him.
Your comeback is a joke!
I play Amazing Pendulum!
When I don't have any cards
in my Pendulum Zone,
I can get two Pendulum Cards
from my extra deck!
Xiangke Magician and
Xiangsheng Magician are back
to set the Pendulum Scale and
prove you're no match for me!
I can once again summon monsters
simultaneously!
I Pendulum Summon!
Return to the front lines
to fight!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Dial up his destruction,
Performapal Longphone Bull!
Longphone Bull can ring up
another Performapal
to join the fray!
I summon Performapal
Skeeter Skimmer!
Bring your sting,
I overlay my two
Performapals.
To create
the Overlay Network.
Cloaked in shadows...
And relentless
in its objective,
I call upon the most
dangerous of dragons!
(all)
I Xyz Summon!
(Yuya)
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
That's Yuto's dragon!
Yuya may be on that Runner,
but I think someone else
is in the driver's seat.